== vuvuzela - xyzzy からブブゼラをブーブブブブブー

* Home URL: http://miyamuko.s56.xrea.com/xyzzy/vuvuzela/intro.htm
* Version: 0.0.1


=== SYNOPSIS

* ツールバー
  - 表示 → ツールバー → ブブゼラ → ボタンをクリック

* コマンド

    M-x vuvuzela-play
    M-x vuvuzela-stop
    M-x toggle-vuvuzela-repeat
    M-x vuvuzela-show-toolbar
    M-x vuvuzela-hide-toolbar

* 設定

    (require "vuvuzela")

    ;; 違うブブゼラを鳴らす例：
    ;; http://www.filefront.com/16728021/Vuvuzela.wav/ からダウンロードして
    ;; etc/ 配下に置いておく。
    (setf *vuvuzela-wav* (merge-pathnames "Vuvuzela.wav" (etc-path))


=== DESCRIPTION

vuvuzela は xyzzy からブブゼラを鳴らすためのツールです。

ブブブブブーブブブブーーブブーブブブブブーブブブブーーブブブーブブブブーブブブブーー


=== REQUIREMENTS

vuvuzela は以下のモジュールに依存しています。別途インストールしてください。

* {sound}[http://miyamuko.s56.xrea.com/xyzzy/sound/intro.htm]
* api

=== INSTALL

1. {NetInstaller}[http://www7a.biglobe.ne.jp/~hat/xyzzy/ni.html]
   で vuvuzela と sound と api をインストールします。

2. ni-autoload を利用していない場合は、
   ~/.xyzzy または site-lisp/siteinit.l に以下のコードを追加します。

     (require "vuvuzela")

   ※ ni-autoload を利用している場合は設定は不要です。

3. 設定を反映させるため xyzzy を再起動してください。

   ※siteinit.l に記述した場合には再ダンプが必要です。

4. 表示 → ツールバー → ブブゼラでツールバーを表示して
   ボタンを押せばブブゼラがなります。


=== TODO

なし。


=== KNOWN BUGS

なし。


=== AUTHOR

みやむこ かつゆき <mailto:miyamuko@gmail.com>



=== COPYRIGHT

==== vuvuzela

vuvuzela は MIT/X ライセンスに従って本ソフトウェアを使用、再配布することができます。

  Copyright (c) 2010 MIYAMUKO Katsuyuki.

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
  a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
  "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
  without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
  distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
  permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
  the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
  NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
  LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
  OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
  WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

==== etc/Vuvuzela_single_note.wav

etc/Vuvuzela_single_note.wav は以下の作品を元に作成しました。

* DisillusionedBitterAndKnackered 氏による {Vuvuzela_single_note.ogg}[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Vuvuzela_single_note.ogg#file]
  - by {Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported}[http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/]

{Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported}[http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/]
で利用可能です。

==== etc/toolbar-vuvuzela.bmp

etc/toolbar-vuvuzela.bmp は以下の作品を元に作成しました。

* Berndt Meyer 氏による {Vuvuzela_red.jpg}[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Vuvuzela_red.jpg#file]
  - by {Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported}[http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/]
* Mark James 氏による {Silk Icons}[http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/]
  - by {Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 License}[http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/]

{Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported}[http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/]
で利用可能です。
